
THE RICHMOND GAZETTE-TIMES
Special Edition | Vol. 168, No. 132
May 30, 2034 | Price: $5.00 (Cash Only)

EDITORIAL: THE SILENCE IN THE FOYER
By Elias Thorne, Editor-in-Chief

The lights in the Virginia State Capitol have not been dimmed in seventy-two hours. From our offices on Franklin Street, we watch the black SUVs of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ferry men in shadow between the governor’s mansion and the Jefferson-designed halls of our new, impromptu capital. 

The story we are being told by the newly formed 'Office of National Ascent' is one of divine survival. They speak of the 'Richmond Miracle'—how our local missile batteries and the Starshield array held firm while the sky over D.C. turned into a permanent, glowing scar. But as journalists, we must ask the questions that the sirens are trying to drown out.

Where is the President? 

Yesterday, a brief, grainy video was released of the man who was once our Secretary of Housing and Urban Development—the so-called Designated Survivor. He looked pale, his hands trembling as he spoke of 'necessary measures' and the 'authorized cleansing' of our enemies. By sunset, that video was scrubbed from the internet. By midnight, we were told he had been moved to a medical facility for 'exhaustion.'

General V. Sterling, now referring to himself as 'The Protector of the American Spirit,' stood on the Capitol steps this morning. He did not speak of recovery or reconstruction. He spoke of 'The Wall.' He spoke of a world that is already dead beyond our borders. He spoke of a new Mandate.

We have received reports of military blocks on the I-95. We have heard rumors of 'recalibrated' history books already being printed in the basements of the city. We have seen the first of the local genealogical archives being loaded into incinerators behind the courthouse.

They are not just building a new capital here in Richmond. They are building a new reality.

This may be the last time you read these words. The printing presses have been 'requisitioned' for state use starting tomorrow. To our readers: remember your names. Remember your fathers. Do not let the new 'Mandate' tell you that you were born in a bunker. 

The world was wide, once. It was green. Do not forget the color of the grass.

[THIS ARTICLE WAS FLAGGED BY THE TRANSITIONAL MILITARY AUTHORITY. FURTHER DISTRIBUTION IS A FELONY UNDER EMERGENCY DECREE 01.]
